It's done, I don't have the keys.
What about now?
I couldn't find the keys to Vinh Thien's office.
Or forget it.
Rookie, otherwise you can call Director Ip.
Long Thien has a flight today.
The phone should be off.
I don t want to bother him with such a small thing.
Hi Hyun-yeon.
Did this key seem to fall out of your pocket?
Some are still questioning the woman's identity.
Why do you think you have a chance?
Who doesn't know the most serious night captain on the job.
Now he's giving his wife the keys to the office.
It's enough to see that he values his wife.
You're lucky.
Ip Yang left the key at the door.
Well, come and have a look.
Hello Lam Cam.
Are you a little polite?
Let the first lady understand?